Adwait:
4. what are NetDevices,Internet Stack, Csma, Yanswifichannel, Interface exactly?
-->
a. A NIC will not work without a software driver to control the hardware. In Unix (or Linux), a piece of peripheral hardware is classified as a device. Devices are controlled using device drivers, and network devices (NICs) are controlled using network device drivers collectively known as net devices. In Unix and Linux you refer to these net devices by names such as eth0.
In ns-3 the net device abstraction covers both the software driver and the simulated hardware. A net device is “installed” in a Node in order to enable the Node to communicate with other Nodes in the simulation via Channels. Just as in a real computer, a Node may be connected to more than one Channel via multiple NetDevices.

b. When it is executed, it will install an Internet Stack (TCP, UDP, IP, etc.) on each of the nodes in the node container.

c. Carrier-sense multiple access (CSMA) is a media access control (MAC) protocol in which a node verifies the absence of other traffic before transmitting on a shared transmission medium, such as an electrical bus or a band of the electromagnetic spectrum.
CSMA is like a bus to transfer data. Ethernet like network.
SendEnable: Enable packet transmission if true;
ReceiveEnable: Enable packet reception if true;

d.
The SetRemoteStationManager method tells the helper the type of rate control algorithm to use. Here, it is asking the helper to use the AARF algorithm — details are, of course, available in Doxygen.

Next, we configure the type of MAC, the SSID of the infrastructure network we want to setup and make sure that our stations don’t perform active probing:
service set identifier
station and access point nodes

e. ???

18. Working of a Csma channel, WiFI channel?
--> ???


7. What is network interface card?
--> Defined above.


11. How to set up wifi class? Why do we need to set ssid?
--> 
Once these objects are created, we create a channel object and associate it to our PHY layer object manager to make sure that all the PHY layer objects created by the YansWifiPhyHelper share the same underlying channel, that is, they share the same wireless medium and can communicate and interfere
AARF--> Rate control Algorthm
QoS --> Quality of service, prioritize some apps over others
SSID--> Name of WiFI, makes from the string given


15. Populating Routing Tables? Which algo?
--> Global view so dijktrase

16. NetAnim?
--> Animation tool for ns3, we can visulaze the network we have generated.

Jay:
1. Where is NS3 is used in defense/software companies?
3. Broker connections?
8. Mobile gets disconnected from wifi and connects again?
9. Mobile has it's own mobile data? Can we simulate that?
14. Addresses, netmask, etc?
16. NetAnim?
19. Difference between Csma and Wifi?

Gunjan:
1. Who maintains NS3?
-> NS-3 is maintained by a worldwide team of volunteer maintainers.

8. Mobile gets disconnected from wifi and connects again?
->

9. Mobile has it's own mobile data? Can we simulate that?
-> Here the mobile phone will first be connected to the cell tower and the connection is wireless. It is pretty similar to being connecte to a wifi router.

13. What is mobility model?
-> The mobility model helps us in tracking and maintaining the current position of an object/node. We use mobility helper classes to use the mobility system. NS-3 uses the Cartesian coordinate system.

17. Explain tracing? pcap files?
-> The whole idea of running a  simulation is generating output which we can study and do research on. So tracing is the system that helps us in getting that output/info. Ns3 device helpers are used to create trace files. These files give us some interesting info like when a packet was received by a device/node and give some access to packet contents. 
The trace files are created in pcap file format. The acronym pcap stands for packet capture.

21. Tracing with wireshark/tcpdump?
->  We can view the trace files in two ways-using wireshark or tcpdump. Tcpdump is a command line utility that helps us in capturing and analyzing network traffic. We can also view and analyze the pcap files using wireshark. 

Common:
4. what are NetDevices exactly?
5. Know excatly what is Internet Stack, Csma, Yanswifichannel, Interface
10. Propogation delay (Real life examples covered in class)
12. Wifistanodes and wifiapnodes difference?
20. Why not compile with g++? What is waf?


















